# https://github.com/portsmouth/cmbview

```console
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/getcoluk.c:int ffggpuk( fitsfile *fptr,   /* I - FITS file pointer                       */
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/longnam.h:#define fits_read_grppar_usht  ffggpui
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/longnam.h:#define fits_read_grppar_ulng  ffggpuj
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/longnam.h:#define fits_read_grppar_uint  ffggpuk
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/longnam.h:#define fits_write_grppar_usht ffpgpui
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/longnam.h:#define fits_write_grppar_ulng ffpgpuj
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/longnam.h:#define fits_write_grppar_uint ffpgpuk
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/getcolui.c:int ffggpui( fitsfile *fptr,   /* I - FITS file pointer                       */
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/putcoluj.c:int ffpgpuj( fitsfile *fptr,   /* I - FITS file pointer                      */
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/longnam.h:#define fits_read_grppar_usht  ffggpui
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/longnam.h:#define fits_read_grppar_ulng  ffggpuj
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/longnam.h:#define fits_read_grppar_uint  ffggpuk
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/longnam.h:#define fits_write_grppar_usht ffpgpui
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/longnam.h:#define fits_write_grppar_ulng ffpgpuj
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/longnam.h:#define fits_write_grppar_uint ffpgpuk
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/fitsio.h:int ffggpui(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem, long nelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/fitsio.h:int ffggpuj(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem, long nelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/fitsio.h:int ffggpuk(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem, long nelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/fitsio.h:int ffpgpui(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/fitsio.h:int ffpgpuj(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/include/fitsio.h:int ffpgpuk(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/putcoluk.c:int ffpgpuk(fitsfile *fptr,   /* I - FITS file pointer                      */
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/fitsio.h:int ffggpui(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem, long nelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/fitsio.h:int ffggpuj(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem, long nelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/fitsio.h:int ffggpuk(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem, long nelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/fitsio.h:int ffpgpui(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/fitsio.h:int ffpgpuj(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/fitsio.h:int ffpgpuk(fitsfile *fptr, long group, long firstelem,
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/getcoluj.c:int ffggpuj(fitsfile *fptr,   /* I - FITS file pointer                       */
src/Other_sources/cfitsio/putcolui.c:int ffpgpui( fitsfile *fptr,   /* I - FITS file pointer                      */

```
