# https://github.com/bonsai-team/Porechop_ABI

```console
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_lf_table.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_base.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_base.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_base.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_levels.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_levels.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_levels.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_device.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_device.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_device.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_sparse_string.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_esa_stree.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/shape_threshold.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_index.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_index.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_index.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_wt.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_esa_base.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_view.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_view.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_view.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_index_multi.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_index_multi.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_index_multi.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_index_approx.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_index_approx.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_vstree_factory.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_vstree_factory.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_vstree_factory.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_base.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_shims.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_right_array_binary_tree.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_stree.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_naive.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_naive.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_rank_dictionary_naive.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_compressed_sa.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_right_array_binary_tree_iterator.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_functors.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_functors.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_functors.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_base.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_base.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/find2_base.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_sa_stree.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_sa_stree.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index/index_fm_compressed_sa_iterator.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/file/file_mapping.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/platform.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/platform.h: * The following macros need to be removed when cuda support will be dropped.
porechop_abi/include/seqan/index.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/misc/bit_twiddling.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence/string_set_concat_direct.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence/string_set_view.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence/string_set_view.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence/string_set_view.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence/string_block.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence/sequence_forwards.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence/container_view.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence/container_view.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/sequence/container_view.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/tuple_base.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/iterator_range.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/iterator_range.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/iterator_range.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/debug_test_system.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/metaprogramming_math.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/basic_device.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/basic_device.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/basic_device.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/basic_type.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/alphabet_residue_funcs.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/basic_view.h:// Copyright (c) 2013 NVIDIA Corporation
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/basic_view.h://     * Neither the name of NVIDIA Corporation nor the names of
porechop_abi/include/seqan/basic/basic_view.h:// ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA CORPORATION BE LIABLE

```
