# https://github.com/florpi/sunbird

```console
sunbird/inference/inference.py:            device (str, optional): gpu or cpu. Defaults to "cpu".
sunbird/data/data_utils.py:            if "gpu" not in key_to_filter:
sunbird/emulators/models/fcn.py:                if key_to_filter != "gpu":
trained_models/best/bossprior/learned_gaussian/ds_cross/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/learned_gaussian/ds_cross/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/learned_gaussian/tpcf/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/learned_gaussian/tpcf/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/learned_gaussian/density_pdf/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/learned_gaussian/density_pdf/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/learned_gaussian/ds_auto/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/learned_gaussian/ds_auto/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/ds_cross/hparams.yaml:accelerator: gpu
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/ds_cross/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: false
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/ds_cross/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/tpcf/hparams.yaml:accelerator: gpu
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/tpcf/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: false
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/tpcf/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/density_pdf/hparams.yaml:accelerator: gpu
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/density_pdf/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: false
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/density_pdf/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/voxel_voids/hparams.yaml:accelerator: gpu
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/voxel_voids/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: false
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/voxel_voids/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/ds_auto/hparams.yaml:accelerator: gpu
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/ds_auto/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: null
trained_models/best/bossprior/mae/ds_auto/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/beyond2pt/mae/ds_cross/hparams.yaml:accelerator: gpu
trained_models/best/beyond2pt/mae/ds_cross/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: null
trained_models/best/beyond2pt/mae/ds_cross/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/beyond2pt/mae/tpcf/hparams.yaml:accelerator: gpu
trained_models/best/beyond2pt/mae/tpcf/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: null
trained_models/best/beyond2pt/mae/tpcf/hparams.yaml:gpus: null
trained_models/best/beyond2pt/mae/ds_auto/hparams.yaml:accelerator: gpu
trained_models/best/beyond2pt/mae/ds_auto/hparams.yaml:auto_select_gpus: null
trained_models/best/beyond2pt/mae/ds_auto/hparams.yaml:gpus: null

```
