# https://github.com/CoLRev-Environment/bib-dedupe

```console
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0047585","article","Qaqish ArwaHuang DanChen Crystal Y.Zhang ZhuoranWang RichardLi ShengpuYang EnzhuoaLu YangLarsen Michelle H.Jacobs William R. Jr.Qian LixiaFrencher JamesShen LingChen Zheng W.",2017,"ADOPTIVE TRANSFER OF PHOSPHOANTIGEN- SPECIFIC GAMMA DELTA T CELL SUBSET ATTENUATES MYCOBACTERIUM TUBERCULOSIS INFECTION IN NONHUMAN PRIMATES","Journal of Immunology",198,12,"4753-4763",,"10.4049/jimmunol.1602019",
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0056514","article","Ottolenghi CUda MHamatani TCrisponi LGarcia JEKo MPilia GSforza CSchlessinger DForabosco A",2004,"AGING OF OOCYTE OVARY AND HUMAN REPRODUCTION","Ann N Y Acad Sci",1034,,"117-131",,"10.1196/annals.1335.015",
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0056145","article","Tan Eng-KingPuong Kim-YoongFook-Chong StephanieChua EvaShen HuiYuen YihPavanni RatnagopalWong Meng-CheongPuvan KathiraveluZhao Yi",2006,"CASE-CONTROL STUDY OF UCHL1 S18Y VARIANT IN PARKINSON'S DISEASE","Movement Disorders",21,10,"1765-1768",,"10.1002/mds.21064",
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0021528","article","Barbui C.Lintas C.Percudani M.",2005,"HEAD-TO-HEAD COMPARISON OF THE COSTS OF ATYPICAL ANTIPSYCHOTICS: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW","CNS Drugs",19,11,"935-50","In many countries prescribing guidelines recommend the use of atypical or second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) in the first-line treatment of individuals with newly diagnosed schizophrenia. This recommendation has increased the utilisation of these agents and consequently produced a progressive increase in the proportion of total direct costs in schizophrenia accounted for by drug therapy. In this still-evolving context of care it becomes relevant to critically investigate the literature base on the relative cost effectiveness of each SGA in comparison with the others the purpose being to ascertain whether the data reveal any one agent to be truly more cost effective than the others.A systematic search of economic evaluations comparing two or more SGAs yielded 19 studies meeting the inclusion criteria. Of these 11 were retrospective database or chart review analyses six were observational prospective or mirror-image studies and two were randomised clinical trials. Olanzapine and risperidone were compared in 16 studies two studies compared clozapine olanzapine and risperidone and one compared clozapine and risperidone. While experimental studies indicated an absence of differences among the SGAs in terms of total expenditure database analyses found contrasting evidence. These latter studies although susceptible to bias and confounding should theoretically provide an added dimension in that they are based on observations from 'real world' practice. However there were too many potential threats to the validity of these analyses to draw a firm conclusion that any one agent is truly more cost effective than the others. In this uncertain situation clinicians and policy makers should be aware that indirect evidence from independent randomised controlled trials comparing individual SGAs with haloperidol suggested similar cost effectiveness. As healthcare providers in different settings are ultimately the ones who pay for new innovations it seems appropriate that they commission research into the cost effectiveness of SGAs.","10.2165/00023210-200519110-00004","1172-7047 (Print)
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0044503","article","Zaidat Osama O.Mueller-Kronast Nils H.Hassan Ameer E.Haussen Diogo C.Jadhav Ashutosh P.Froehler Michael T.Jahan RezaAziz-Sultan Mohammad AliKlucznik Richard P.Saver Jeffrey L.Hellinger Frank R. Jr.Yavagal Dileep R.Yao Tom L.Gupta RishiMartin Coleman O.Bozorgchami HormozdKaushal RiteshNogueira Raul G.Gandhi Ravi H.Peterson Eric C.Dashti ShervinGiven Curtis A. IIMehta Brijesh P.Deshmukh VivekStarkman SidneyLinfante ItaloMcPherson Scott H.Kvamme PeterGrobelny Thomas J.Hussain Muhammad ShazamThacker IkeVora NiravChen Peng RocMonteith Stephen J.Ecker Robert D.Schirmer Clemens M.Sauvageau EricChebl Alex BouDerdeyn Colin P.Maidan LucianBadruddin AamirSiddiqui Adnan H.Dumont Travis M.Alhajeri AbdulnasserTaqi Muhammad A.Asi KhaledCarpenter JeffreyBoulos AlanJindal GauravPuri Ajit S.Chitale RohanDeshaies Eric M.Robinson DavidKallmes David F.Baxter Blaise W.Jumaa MouhammedSunenshine PeterMajjhoo AnielEnglish Joey D.Suzuki ShuichiFessler Richard D.Delgado-Almandoz JosserMartin Jerry C.Liebeskind David S.",2019,"IMPACT OF BALLOON GUIDE CATHETER USE ON CLINICAL AND ANGIOGRAPHIC OUTCOMES IN THE STRATIS STROKE THROMBECTOMY REGISTRY","Stroke",50,3,"697-704",,"10.1161/STROKEAHA.118.021126",
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0029355","article","Mullins M. E.Hoffman R. S.",2017,"IS MANNITOL THE TREATMENT OF CHOICE FOR PATIENTS WITH CIGUATERA FISH POISONING?","Clinical Toxicology",55,9,"947-955","Context: Ciguatera fish poisoning arises primarily from consumption of carnivorous reef fish caught in tropical and sub-tropical waters. Ciguatoxins a class of tasteless heat-stable polycyclic toxins produced by dinoflagellates accumulate through the food chain and concentrate in various carnivorous fish such as groupers barracudas wrasses amberjack kingfishes and eels. Characteristics of ciguatera fish poisoning include early nausea vomiting and diarrhea in the first one to two days post ingestion followed by the appearance of sensory disturbances. The classic dysaesthesia is cold allodynia often described as reversal of hot and cold sensation but a more accurate description is burning pain on exposure to cold. Objective(s): To discuss and appraise the evidence regarding the use of mannitol or other drugs in treating ciguatera framed in the historical context of the last four decades. Method(s): We searched PubMed and Embase for all years from 1966 to March 31 2017 with search terms ciguatera mannitol and treatment. These searches identified 85 articles of which 36 were relevant to the review question. We searched Google Scholar to supplement the primary search and reviewed the references of articles for sources overlooked in the original searches. These secondary searches identified another 23 references. We excluded six clinical reports (two case series and four case reports) which did not clearly describe ciguatera or which lacked information on treatment or outcome. Fifty-three clinical articles remained for review. We searched PubMed using ciguatera AND treatment NOT mannitol to better identify reports describing other treatments. The search identified 128 articles of which nine described specific pharmacological treatments and their outcomes. We combined our findings into a consensus review of the evidence both for and against the use of mannitol or other medications for ciguatera fish poisoning. Early human evidence of effectiveness of mannitol: A 1988 report described an unexpected discovery that intravenous mannitol could rapidly and effectively treat ciguatera fish poisoning. Several other uncontrolled case series and case reports appeared to support the use of mannitol. In 2002 a small randomized controlled trial reported no significant difference between mannitol and normal saline. Subsequent case reports have cited this study as the reason for or to withhold mannitol. Thus some controversy exists regarding whether mannitol is useful or not for treating ciguatera fish poisoning. Basic science and animal research on ciguatera and mannitol:In vitro experiments of isolated neurons demonstrate that ciguatoxins produce neuronal edema open certain sodium channels block potassium channels cause uncontrolled and repetitive action potentials after a stimulus. Addition of mannitol decreases the edema and reduces the uncommanded action potentials. However intraperitoneal injection of ciguatoxin in rats increases neuronal refractory period and slows nerve conduction velocity. Treatment with mannitol fails to correct these effects. Comparative trials of mannitol: Evidence supporting mannitol for ciguatera fish poisoning includes four uncontrolled case series one prospective unblinded comparative trial and several case reports. Evidence against mannitol consists of one RCT which has a small sample size and several potential limitations. Empirical human experience with other treatments: Evidence regarding other treatments consists only of ten case reports and three overlapping case series that describe using amitriptyline fluoxetine duloxetine gabapentin pregabalin or tocainide. For each of these a long duration of treatment appears to be necessary to maintain symptomatic improvement. None of these treatments has been shown to be superior to mannitol. Conclusion(s): It is reasonable to consider using intravenous mannitol in cases of acute ciguatera fish poisoning. Medications used in other neuropathic syndromes appear to suppress the paresthesiae of persistent ciguatera cases. However the human evidence is of low quality for all treatments. Copyright © 2017 Informa UK Limited trading as Taylor & Francis Group.","10.1080/15563650.2017.1327664","1556-3650
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0051869","article","Lin WeiZhao JinyanCao ZhiyunZhuang QunchuanZheng LiangpuZeng JianweiHong ZhenfengPeng Jun",2014,"LIVISTONA CHINENSIS SEEDS INHIBIT HEPATOCELLULAR CARCINOMA ANGIOGENESIS IN VIVO VIA SUPPRESSION OF THE NOTCH PATHWAY","Oncol Rep",31,4,"1723-1728",,"10.3892/or.2014.3051",
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0052137","article","Lyu TingZhao YichaoZhang TuoZhou WenYang FanGe HengDing SongPu JunHe Ben",2014,"NATRIURETIC PEPTIDES AS AN ADJUNCTIVE TREATMENT FOR ACUTE MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION INSIGHTS FROM THE META-ANALYSIS OF 1389 PATIENTS FROM 20 TRIALS","Int Heart J",55,1,"Aug-16",,"10.1536/ihj.13-109",
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0014783","article","Gomez J.Tellez M.Pretty I. A.Ellwood R. P.Ismail A. I.",2013,"NON-CAVITATED CARIOUS LESIONS DETECTION METHODS: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW","Community Dent Oral Epidemiol",41,1,"54-66","The aim of this study was to critically appraise the performance of detection methods for non-cavitated carious lesions (NCCLs). A detailed search of Medline (via OVID) the Cochrane Collaboration Scielo and EMBASE identified 2054 publications. After title and abstract review by three investigators (JG MT AI) 124 publications were selected for further review. The final publications evaluated the following methods: Visual (V) Caries Lesion Activity Assessment (CLAA) Laser Fluorescence (LF) Radiographic (R) Fibre-optic Transillumination (FOTI) Electrical Conductance (EC) and Quantitative Light-induced Fluorescence (QLF). All included studies used histological assessment as a gold standard for in vitro studies or clinical/visual validation for the in vivo designs. They reported outcomes measures such as sensitivity (SE) specificity (SP) area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) and reliability. Data were extracted from the selected studies independently by two reviewers and checked for errors. The quality of the studies was evaluated as described by Bader et al. (2002). Of the 124 articles 42 were included that described 85 clinical assessments. Overall the quality of evidence on detection methods was rated 'poor' except for EC that was rated 'fair'. The SE rates were as follows: V (0.17-0.96) LF or DIAGNOdent (DD) (0.16-0.96) R (0.12-0.84) FOTI (0.21-0.96) EC (0.61-0.92) and QLF (0.82). The SP rates were as follows: V (0.46-1.0) LF (0.25-1.00) R (0.55-0.99) FOTI (0.74-0.88) EC (0.73-1.0) and QLF (0.92). There is a large variation in SE and SP values for methods and a lack of consistency in definition of disease and analytical methods. EC and QLF seem to be promising for detection of early lesions. For both cost and practicality considerations visual methods should remain the standard for clinical assessment in dental practice.","10.1111/cdoe.12021","0301-5661"
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0043841","article","Zhang LiliJiang YanyanLi NingPu YiqiongZhang TongWang Bing",2019,"QUANTITATIVE ANALYSIS OF ARTEMISININ DERIVATIVES: APPLICATIONS AND TECHNIQUES","SEPARATION AND PURIFICATION REVIEWS",48,3,"242-266",,"10.1080/15422119.2018.1560331",
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0015117","article","Silva A. G.Martins C. C.Zina L. G.Moreira A. N.Paiva S. M.Pordeus I. A.Magalhaes C. S.",2013,"THE ASSOCIATION BETWEEN OCCLUSAL FACTORS AND NONCARIOUS CERVICAL LESIONS: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW","J Dent",41,1,"Sep-16","OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to systematically review the scientific evidence for the association between noncarious cervical lesions (NCCL) and occlusal risk factors (ORF) [occlusal interferences in excursive movements; occlusal force; premature contacts; type of guidance; skid of centric occlusion to maximum intercuspidation] in adults. SOURCES: Pubmed Web of Science Cochrane Lilacs Clinical Trials National Research Register and National Institute for Health were searched. STUDY SELECTION: From 1082 potentially eligible studies 106 were selected for full text analysis. Two independent reviewers (Kappa=0.8; p<0.001) selected the studies abstracted information and assessed quality based on standardised scales. Six cross-sectional two case-controls and one clinical trial were included. Several occlusal variables were analysed among the studies but there was no standardisation of the units used in the analysis of occlusal factors. The majority of studies did not find significant associations between NCCL and ORF. Three studies found associations between NCCL and some variables (occlusal contact area right canine guidance premature contacts in centric relation and working side) (p<0.05). The methodological quality varied across studies and there was high heterogeneity among them. CONCLUSION: Current scientific evidence does not support an association between ORF and NCCL. Further prospective studies with standardised methods are vital to strengthen the evidence. CLINICAL SIGNIFICANCE: Understanding the risk factors for NCCL is important to control the causes and to help the dentist choose the best approach for the patient. The evidence does not support intervention to alter some occlusal factors for the prevention or control of the progression of NCCL.","10.1016/j.jdent.2012.10.018","0300-5712"
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0005606","article","Dominguez S.Montgomery A. B.Haines G. K. 3rdBloomfield C. L.Cuda C. M.",2017,"THE CASPASE-8/RIPK3 SIGNALING AXIS IN ANTIGEN PRESENTING CELLS CONTROLS THE INFLAMMATORY ARTHRITIC RESPONSE","Arthritis Res Ther",19,1,224,"BACKGROUND: Caspase-8 is a well-established initiator of apoptosis and suppressor of necroptosis but maintains functions beyond cell death that involve suppression of receptor-interacting serine-threonine kinases (RIPKs). A genome-wide association study meta-analysis revealed an SNP associated with risk of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) development within the locus containing the gene encoding for caspase-8. Innate immune cells like macrophages and dendritic cells are gaining momentum as facilitators of autoimmune disease pathogenesis and in particular RA. Therefore we examined the involvement of caspase-8 within these antigen-presenting cell populations in the pathogenesis of an arthritis model that resembles the RA effector phase. METHODS: Cre (LysM) Casp8 (flox/flox) and Cre (CD11c) Casp8 (flox/flox) mice were bred via a cross between Casp8 (flox/flox) and Cre (LysM) or Cre (CD11c) mice. RIPK3 (-/-) Cre (LysM) Casp8 (flox/flox) and RIPK3 (-/-) Cre (CD11c) Casp8 (flox/flox) mice were generated to assess RIPK3 contribution. Mice were subjected to K/BxN serum-transfer-induced arthritis. Luminex-based assays were used to measure cytokines/chemokines. Histological analyses were utilized to examine joint damage. Mixed bone marrow chimeras were generated to assess synovial cell survival. Flow cytometric analysis was employed to characterize cellular distribution. For arthritis differences between the groups were assessed using two-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) for repeated measurements. All other data were compared by the Mann-Whitney test. RESULTS: We show that intact caspase-8 signaling maintains opposing roles in lysozyme-M- and CD11c-expressing cells in the joint; namely caspase-8 is crucial in CD11c-expressing cells to delay arthritis induction while caspase-8 in lysozyme M-expressing cells hinders arthritis resolution. Caspase-8 is also implicated in the maintenance of synovial tissue-resident macrophages that can limit arthritis. Global loss of RIPK3 in both caspase-8 deletion constructs causes the response to arthritis to revert back to control levels via a mechanism potentially independent of cell death. Mixed bone marrow chimeric mice demonstrate that caspase-8 deficiency does not confer preferential expansion of synovial macrophage and dendritic cell populations nor do caspase-8-deficient synovial populations succumb to RIPK3-mediated necroptotic death. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that caspase-8 functions in synovial antigen-presenting cells to regulate the response to inflammatory stimuli by controlling RIPK3 action and this delicate balance maintains homeostasis within the joint.","10.1186/s13075-017-1436-4","1478-6354"
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0028886","article","Dominguez S.Montgomery A. B.Haines G. K.Bloomfield C. L.Cuda C. M.",2017,"THE CASPASE-8/RIPK3 SIGNALING AXIS IN ANTIGEN PRESENTING CELLS CONTROLS THE INFLAMMATORY ARTHRITIC RESPONSE","Arthritis Research and Therapy","19 (1) (no pagination)",224,,"Background: Caspase-8 is a well-established initiator of apoptosis and suppressor of necroptosis but maintains functions beyond cell death that involve suppression of receptor-interacting serine-threonine kinases (RIPKs). A genome-wide association study meta-analysis revealed an SNP associated with risk of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) development within the locus containing the gene encoding for caspase-8. Innate immune cells like macrophages and dendritic cells are gaining momentum as facilitators of autoimmune disease pathogenesis and in particular RA. Therefore we examined the involvement of caspase-8 within these antigen-presenting cell populations in the pathogenesis of an arthritis model that resembles the RA effector phase. Method(s): Cre <sup>LysM</sup> Casp8 <sup>flox/flox</sup> and Cre <sup>CD11c</sup> Casp8 <sup>flox/flox</sup> mice were bred via a cross between Casp8 <sup>flox/flox</sup> and Cre <sup>LysM</sup> or Cre <sup>CD11c</sup> mice. RIPK3 <sup>-/-</sup> Cre <sup>LysM</sup> Casp8 <sup>flox/flox</sup> and RIPK3 <sup>-/-</sup> Cre <sup>CD11c</sup> Casp8 <sup>flox/flox</sup> mice were generated to assess RIPK3 contribution. Mice were subjected to K/BxN serum-transfer-induced arthritis. Luminex-based assays were used to measure cytokines/chemokines. Histological analyses were utilized to examine joint damage. Mixed bone marrow chimeras were generated to assess synovial cell survival. Flow cytometric analysis was employed to characterize cellular distribution. For arthritis differences between the groups were assessed using two-way analysis of variance(ANOVA) for repeated measurements. All other data were compared by the Mann-Whitney test. Result(s): We show that intact caspase-8 signaling maintains opposing roles in lysozyme-M- and CD11c-expressing cells in the joint namely caspase-8 is crucial in CD11c-expressing cells to delay arthritis induction while caspase-8 in lysozyme M-expressing cells hinders arthritis resolution. Caspase-8 is also implicated in the maintenance of synovial tissue-resident macrophages that can limit arthritis. Global loss of RIPK3 in both caspase-8 deletion constructs causes the response to arthritis to revert back to control levels via a mechanism potentially independent of cell death. Mixed bone marrow chimeric mice demonstrate that caspase-8 deficiency does not confer preferential expansion of synovial macrophage and dendritic cell populations nor do caspase-8-deficient synovial populations succumb to RIPK3-mediated necroptotic death. Conclusion(s): These data demonstrate that caspase-8 functions in synovial antigen-presenting cells to regulate the response to inflammatory stimuli by controlling RIPK3 action and this delicate balance maintains homeostasis within the joint. Copyright © 2017 The Author(s).","10.1186/s13075-017-1436-4","1478-6354
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0054369","article","Trocme StefanHwang Lie-JuBean Gerald W.Sultan Marla B.",2010,"THE ROLE OF BENZALKONIUM CHLORIDE IN THE OCCURRENCE OF PUNCTATE KERATITIS: A META-ANALYSIS OF RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED CLINICAL TRIALS","Annals of Pharmacotherapy",44,12,"1914-1921",,"10.1345/aph.1P268",
data/srsr/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_0017532","article","Trocme S.Hwang L. J.Bean G. W.Sultan M. B.",2010,"THE ROLE OF BENZALKONIUM CHLORIDE IN THE OCCURRENCE OF PUNCTATE KERATITIS: A META-ANALYSIS OF RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED CLINICAL TRIALS","Ann Pharmacother",44,12,"1914-21","BACKGROUND: Benzalkonium chloride (BAK) the most commonly used preservative in topical ophthalmic solutions has undergone considerable criticism in recent years principally based on in vitro and in vivo studies. Relevance to the clinical setting has not been confirmed. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether administration of twice the amount of BAK was associated with an increased incidence of punctate keratitis in long-term double-masked trials comparing latanoprost ophthalmic solution and vehicle with timolol ophthalmic solution in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension. METHODS: A meta-analysis of the double-masked phases of 7 prospective controlled clinical trials compared the incidence of punctate keratitis among patients assigned to treatment with latanoprost or timolol. In all studies the amount of BAK administered daily in the latanoprost arms was approximately twice the amount used in the timolol arms. All reports of punctate keratitis either as a finding or an adverse event were included. A fixed-effect model was used because the heterogeneity was small and not statistically significant. Sensitivity analyses were conducted. Funnel plots were provided to address potential publication bias. RESULTS: Of the 1694 patients enrolled in the double-masked portion of the trials (latanoprost n = 892; timolol n = 802) the overall incidence of punctate keratitis was 6.3% (106/1694). The incidence in latanoprost-treated patients was 6.5% and in timolol-treated patients was 6.0%. The risk difference for punctate keratitis of latanoprost versus timolol was 0.005 (95% CI -0.011 to 0.020; p = 0.574) and the risk ratio of latanoprost versus timolol was 1.084 (95% CI 0.739 to 1.589; p = 0.680). CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that BAK does not produce significant corneal toxicity in the vast majority of patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension at the concentrations used in these studies.","10.1345/aph.1P268","1060-0280"
data/neuroimaging/final_labelled_Neuroimaging_duplicates_calc_performance.csv:0006-8950 (Linking)","Brain","internal-pdf://3333574076/Buchel-1998-Different activation patterns in t.pdf","http://www.ezproxy.is.ed.ac.uk/login?url=http://ovidsp.ovid.com/ovidweb.cgi?T=JS&CSC=Y&NEWS=N&PAGE=fulltext&D=med4&AN=9549517http://openurl.ac.uk/athens:_edu//lfp/LinkFinderPlus/Display?sid=OVID:Ovid+MEDLINE%28R%29&id=pmid:9549517&id=&issn=0006-8950&isbn=&volume=121&issue=&spage=409&pages=409-19&date=1998&title=Brain&atitle=Different+activation+patterns+in+the+visual+cortex+of+late+and+congenitally+blind+subjects.&aulast=Buchel&pid=<author><p15/></author>&<AN><p16/></AN>https://watermark.silverchair.com/1210409.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAcQwggHABgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggGxMIIBrQIBADCCAaYGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQM8vboBktfSXwSRbflAgEQgIIBdwiu9LqDTCkLlEMSKUuTtkO0OwACbze1M6b9Yk4sgdf1AyYSZXLlZpfO6MFulAl2eo2-9HNoopw2kkG4Ep88fb5-N-1Xcq3Q8E2Xafp_tCZOrjnF1TFsEokVfe8mSl-BFjRhaaqBq-sqcanCF9zFhY1fZSunFR9bLNXIa8QB7O5-udjFhcduA5t0QpieBco2vns3guCw9en9YdIOIQDEdrGxd_htTvSG0uUVtgpUqVWqtcN5J6mlYSa-XcOlY0jI7cSrflBPuUtHS66zszC2sGspj6uEGfmQGSOcp9qSJNrOiTzCNE-orDMg2-nLbHlJhq1Sw1d5iSGhL9Qri8ZFMDKv57gZrS_NeF7YcHHi4WsO6pTnziz_tJ_9ClQ7EtfkLT8hIRNDbEPg5phzwu-pX3SII7WZL7vMx0HNULJUwjPsOdQa2KPM11F51XLsblQdSXL5eA5LguRb847DFGk95C8rPWzbHGwcp5Ph1VM_8j3DBU1rg6tKpw","In_database","KEEP","KEEP","KEEP","KEEP",3414,2,2,1,1
data/neuroimaging/records_pre_merged.csv:0006-8950 (Linking)","http://www.ezproxy.is.ed.ac.uk/login?url=http://ovidsp.ovid.com/ovidweb.cgi?T=JS&CSC=Y&NEWS=N&PAGE=fulltext&D=med4&AN=9549517http://openurl.ac.uk/athens:_edu//lfp/LinkFinderPlus/Display?sid=OVID:Ovid+MEDLINE%28R%29&id=pmid:9549517&id=&issn=0006-8950&isbn=&volume=121&issue=&spage=409&pages=409-19&date=1998&title=Brain&atitle=Different+activation+patterns+in+the+visual+cortex+of+late+and+congenitally+blind+subjects.&aulast=Buchel&pid=<author><p15/></author>&<AN><p16/></AN>https://watermark.silverchair.com/1210409.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAcQwggHABgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggGxMIIBrQIBADCCAaYGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQM8vboBktfSXwSRbflAgEQgIIBdwiu9LqDTCkLlEMSKUuTtkO0OwACbze1M6b9Yk4sgdf1AyYSZXLlZpfO6MFulAl2eo2-9HNoopw2kkG4Ep88fb5-N-1Xcq3Q8E2Xafp_tCZOrjnF1TFsEokVfe8mSl-BFjRhaaqBq-sqcanCF9zFhY1fZSunFR9bLNXIa8QB7O5-udjFhcduA5t0QpieBco2vns3guCw9en9YdIOIQDEdrGxd_htTvSG0uUVtgpUqVWqtcN5J6mlYSa-XcOlY0jI7cSrflBPuUtHS66zszC2sGspj6uEGfmQGSOcp9qSJNrOiTzCNE-orDMg2-nLbHlJhq1Sw1d5iSGhL9Qri8ZFMDKv57gZrS_NeF7YcHHi4WsO6pTnziz_tJ_9ClQ7EtfkLT8hIRNDbEPg5phzwu-pX3SII7WZL7vMx0HNULJUwjPsOdQa2KPM11F51XLsblQdSXL5eA5LguRb847DFGk95C8rPWzbHGwcp5Ph1VM_8j3DBU1rg6tKpw"
data/digital_work/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_1004662","article","QiuChengPu2017","MIS Quarterly","Hidden Profiles in Corporate Prediction Markets - The Impact of Public Information Precision and Social Interactions",2017,41,4,"1249--1273",,"Qiu, Liangfei and Cheng, Hsing Kenneth and Pu, Jingchuan","10.25300/MISQ/2017/41.4.11",,,,,
data/digital_work/records_pre_merged.csv:"id_1006404","inproceedings","ZhengPuJinEtAl2020",,"Digital Platform Owners' Entry Modes in E-commerce Landscape - An Empirical Study on Amazon.com",2020,,,,,"Zheng, Shiying and Pu, Xiaodie and Chen, Jin and Li, Jiatao and Chong, Alain Yee-Loong",,"Pacific Asia Conference on Information Systems",,,,
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0004633","article","BagmetovaV.V.ChernyshevaIuVMerkushenkovaO.V.BerestovitskaiaV.M.TiurenkovI.N.",2013,"[Antidepressant properties of beta-phenylglutamic acid hydrochloride (RGPU-135 glutarone) in comparison to imipramine tianeptine and fluoxetine]","Eksp.Klin.Farmakol.",76,3,"07-Sep","The new glutamic acid derivative--beta-phenylglutamic acid hydrochloride (RGPU-135 glutarone) (in a dose of 26 mg/kg) imipramine (15 mg/kg) tianeptine (2.5 mg/kg) and fluoxetine (20 mg/kg) show antidepressant action in the tail suspension test and Porsolt swim test. All these drugs cause reduction in the intensity of depressive behavior and lead to increase in the rate of active behavior of avoidance of aversive situation with animals. The RGPU-135 compound shows antidepressant activity equal to that of imipramine which is statistically significantly more pronounced than that of fluoxetine and tianeptine",,
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0071160","article","BagmetovaV.V.ChernyshevaI.V.MerkushenkovaO.V.BerestovitskaiaV.M.TiurenkovI.N.",2013,"[Antidepressant properties of beta-phenylglutamic acid hydrochloride (RGPU-135 glutarone) in comparison to imipramine tianeptine and fluoxetine]","Eksperimental'naia i klinicheskaia farmakologiia.76 (3) ()(pp 7-9) 2013.Date of Publication: 2013.",,3,"07-Sep","The new glutamic acid derivative--beta-phenylglutamic acid hydrochloride (RGPU-135 glutarone) (in a dose of 26 mg/kg) imipramine (15 mg/kg) tianeptine (2.5 mg/kg) and fluoxetine (20 mg/kg) show antidepressant action in the tail suspension test and Porsolt swim test. All these drugs cause reduction in the intensity of depressive behavior and lead to increase in the rate of active behavior of avoidance of aversive situation with animals. The RGPU-135 compound shows antidepressant activity equal to that of imipramine which is statistically significantly more pronounced than that of fluoxetine and tianeptine",,"0869-2092"
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0019303","article","TyurenkovI.N.BagmetovaV.V.ChernyshovaY.V.MerkushenkovaO.V.",2014,"Dose-dependent effects of beta-phenylglutamic acid hydrochloride (RGPU-135 neuroglutam) on animal behavior","Bull.Exp.Biol.Med.",158,2,"229-233","beta-Phenylglutamic acid hydrochloride (RGPU-135 neuroglutam) in doses of 13-650 mg/kg suppressed depressive behavior of animals in the Porsolt test (i.e. produced antidepressant properties) reduced anxiety in the open-field elevated plus maze and Vogel conflict tests (i.e. produced anxiolytic effects). RGPU-135 in doses of 26-130 mg/kg exhibited more pronounced antidepressant action and in doses of 26 and 52 mg/kg had more pronounced anxiolytic effects. RGPU-135 in doses of 13-78 mg/kg increased locomotor and exploratory activity of animals in the open-field test. Activating effects of this agent decreased with increasing the dose. RGPU-135 in the subtoxic dose (650 mg/kg) suppressed locomotor activity of animals (produced sedative effect)","10.1007/s10517-014-2729-0 [doi]",
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0073521","article","TyurenkovI.N.BagmetovaV.V.ChernyshovaY.V.MerkushenkovaO.V.",2014,"Dose-dependent effects of beta-phenylglutamic acid hydrochloride (RGPU-135 neuroglutam) on animal behavior","Bulletin of experimental biology and medicine.158 (2) ()(pp 229-233) 2014.Date of Publication: 01 Dec 2014.",,2,"229-233","beta-Phenylglutamic acid hydrochloride (RGPU-135 neuroglutam) in doses of 13-650 mg/kg suppressed depressive behavior of animals in the Porsolt test (i.e. produced antidepressant properties) reduced anxiety in the open-field elevated plus maze and Vogel conflict tests (i.e. produced anxiolytic effects). RGPU-135 in doses of 26-130 mg/kg exhibited more pronounced antidepressant action and in doses of 26 and 52 mg/kg had more pronounced anxiolytic effects. RGPU-135 in doses of 13-78 mg/kg increased locomotor and exploratory activity of animals in the open-field test. Activating effects of this agent decreased with increasing the dose. RGPU-135 in the subtoxic dose (650 mg/kg) suppressed locomotor activity of animals (produced sedative effect)",,
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0034234","article","TyurenkovI.N.BagmetovaV.V.ShishkinaA.V.BerestovitskayV.M.VasilevaO.S.OstroglaydovE.S.",2010,"Gender differences in action fenotropil and its structural analog - Compound RGPU-95 on anxiety-depressive behavior animals","Eksperimental'naya i Klinicheskaya Farmakologiya.73 (11) ()(pp 10-14) 2010.Date of Publication: 2010.",,11,"Oct-14","Fenotropil and its structural analog - compound RGPU-95 to a greater extent reduce the severity of anxious and depressive behavior in male rats than in females. On expression of the anxiolytic compound RGPU-95 significantly exceeds Fenotropil but inferior to Diazepam; of antidepressant activity - comparable to Melipramin and exceeds Fenotropil",,"0869-2092"
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0034235","article","TyurenkovI.N.BagmetovaV.V.ShishkinaA.V.BerestovitskayV.M.VasilevaO.S.OstroglaydovE.S.",2010,"Gender differences in action fenotropil and its structural analog - Compound RGPU-95 on anxiety-depressive behavior animals. [Bulgarian]","Eksperimental'naya i Klinicheskaya Farmakologiya",73,11,2010,"Fenotropil and its structural analog - compound RGPU-95 to a greater extent reduce the severity of anxious and depressive behavior in male rats than in females. On expression of the anxiolytic compound RGPU-95 significantly exceeds Fenotropil but inferior to Diazepam; of antidepressant activity - comparable to Melipramin and exceeds Fenotropil",,"0869-2092"
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0034236","article","TiurenkovI.N.BagmetovaV.V.ShishkinaA.V.BerestovitskaiaV.M.Vasil'evaO.S.OstrogliadovE.S.",2010,"[Gender differences in action Fenotropil and its structural analog--compound RGPU-95 on anxiety-depressive behavior animals]","Eksp.Klin.Farmakol.",73,11,"Oct-14","Fenotropil and its structural analog--compound RGPU-95 to a greater extent reduce the severity of anxious and depressive behavior in male rats than in females. On expression of the anxiolytic compound RGPU-95 significantly exceeds Fenotropil but inferior to Diazepam; of antidepressant activity--comparable to Melipramin and exceeds Fenotropil",,
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0075253","article","TyurenkovI.N.BagmetovaV.V.ShishkinaA.V.BerestovitskayV.M.VasilevaO.S.OstroglaydovE.S.",2010,"Gender differences in action fenotropil and its structural analog - Compound RGPU-95 on anxiety-depressive behavior animals. [Bulgarian]","Eksperimental'naya i Klinicheskaya Farmakologiya",73,11,2010,"Fenotropil and its structural analog - compound RGPU-95 to a greater extent reduce the severity of anxious and depressive behavior in male rats than in females. On expression of the anxiolytic compound RGPU-95 significantly exceeds Fenotropil but inferior to Diazepam; of antidepressant activity - comparable to Melipramin and exceeds Fenotropil",,"0869-2092"
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0075254","article","TyurenkovI.N.BagmetovaV.V.ShishkinaA.V.BerestovitskayV.M.VasilevaO.S.OstroglaydovE.S.",2010,"Gender differences in action fenotropil and its structural analog - Compound RGPU-95 on anxiety-depressive behavior animals. [Bulgarian]","Eksperimental'naya i Klinicheskaya Farmakologiya",73,11,2010,"Fenotropil and its structural analog - compound RGPU-95 to a greater extent reduce the severity of anxious and depressive behavior in male rats than in females. On expression of the anxiolytic compound RGPU-95 significantly exceeds Fenotropil but inferior to Diazepam; of antidepressant activity - comparable to Melipramin and exceeds Fenotropil",,"0869-2092"
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part2.csv:"id_0075255","article","TyurenkovI.N.BagmetovaV.V.ShishkinaA.V.BerestovitskayV.M.VasilevaO.S.OstroglaydovE.S.",2010,"Gender differences in action fenotropil and its structural analog - Compound RGPU-95 on anxiety-depressive behavior animals. [Bulgarian]","Eksperimental'naya i Klinicheskaya Farmakologiya",73,11,2010,"Fenotropil and its structural analog - compound RGPU-95 to a greater extent reduce the severity of anxious and depressive behavior in male rats than in females. On expression of the anxiolytic compound RGPU-95 significantly exceeds Fenotropil but inferior to Diazepam; of antidepressant activity - comparable to Melipramin and exceeds Fenotropil",,"0869-2092"
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part1.csv:"id_0004600","article","WuL.ZhangL.-P.YeQ.-L.HeQ.-P.",2006,"Antidepressant function of modified wendan decoction","Chinese Journal of Clinical Rehabilitation.10 (23) ()(pp 63-64+69) 2006.Date of Publication: 20 Jun 2006.",,23,"63-64+69","Aim: To investigate the effect of modified wendan decoction (WD) a complex prescription with the function of adjusting spleen and stomach on content of 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) norepinephrine (NE) in cortex and hippocampus of rats with depression. Methods: This experiment was conducted in the central laboratory of Guangxi College of Traditional Chinese Medicine from March to April 2004. Forty SD rats were selected and randomly divided into normal group model group amitriptyline group high and low-dose WD group with 8 rats in each group according to the normal random table. WD (provided by the Department of Chinese herbs First Hospital affiliated to Guangxi College of Traditional Chinese Medicine) was made of banxia zuru zhishi fuling caihu shichangpu and hehuanhua with 10 g respectively and concentrated to 1.5 g/ mL after decocted by water to preserve in the refrigerator at 4 degreeC. Chronic mild unpredictable stress was applied to establish the rat models of depression; meanwhile every group was given amitriptyline 10 mg/kg per day (with a concentration of 1 g/L prepared by distilled water) and WD extraction 12 6 g/kg; the normal and model groups were given normal saline (6 mg/kg) at 8:00 in the morning. Except the normal group every group was given the chronic mild unpredictable stress for 21 days. Twenty-one days later open-field test was used to estimate the depressed behavior and compared times of horizontal motion and vertical motion in each group; the content of 5-HT and NE in cortex and hippocampus was measured with HPLC electrochemistry; the antidepressant effect of WD was observed. Results: A total of 38 rats were involved in the result analysis except for 2 rats of normal and amitriptyline group died without any special found at the 2nd week. 1The scores in horizontal motion and vertical motion of the model group were all significantly lower than the normal group (P < 0.05 P < 0.01). Compared with the model group the open-field test of the high and low-dose WD was improved which had significant differences (P < 0.05 P < 0.01). 2The content of 5-HT and NE in cortex and hippocampus of the model group was lower than the normal group (P < 0.01 0.05); Compared with the model group the content in the high and low dose WD groups and amitriptyline group were obviously increased (P < 0.05 0.01); there was no obvious change of the 5-HT between the high and low dose WD groups and amitriptyline group (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Modified wendan decoction can up-regulate the content of 5-HT and NE in cortex and hippocampus which is the foundation to inhibit the depression",,"1671-5926"
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part1.csv:"id_0016156","article","YangS.WangL.KongQ.",2014,"Depression of focal adhesion kinase induces apoptosis in rat osteosarcoma OSR-6 cells in a caspase-dependent pathway","Cell Biochem.Biophys.",70,2,"765-770","Focal adhesion kinase (FAK) a nonreceptor tyrosine kinase protein acts as an early modulator of integrin signaling cascade regulating basic cellular functions. In transformed cells unopposed FAK signaling has been considered to promote tumor growth progression and metastasis. The aim of this study was to assess the role of FAK in rat osteosarcoma OSR-6 cells. OSR-6 cells were transfected with PGPU6/GFP/shNC (shNC) and PGPU6/GFP/FAK-2434 (shRNA-2434) separately. Expression of FAK was detected by Real-time PCR and Western blots. MTT assay was used to examine changes in cell proliferation. Cell apoptosis was analyzed by flow cytometry. The expression of caspase-3-7-9 was measured by Western blots. The expression of FAK in OSR-6 cells significantly decreased in shRNA-2434 group in contrast to the control group (P < 0.01). Cell proliferation was inhibited by shRNA-2434 and shRNA-2434+ cisplatin and the effects were clearly enhanced when cells were treated with anticancer agents. The level of cell apoptosis in shRNA-2434 and shRNA-2434+ cisplatin group was higher than that in the control group (P < 0.01). The current data support evidence that down-regulation of FAK could induce rat osteosarcoma cells (OSR-6) apoptosis through the caspase-dependent cell death pathway. Inhibition of the kinases may be important for therapies designed to enhance the apoptosis in osteosarcoma","10.1007/s12013-014-9979-3 [doi]",
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part1.csv:"id_0021586","article","WangH.Y.ChenM.ZhangB.H.",2006,"Effect of different therapies of Chinese medicine on the expressions of c-Fos and c-Jun proteins in hippocampus of rats with post-stroke depression","Neural Regeneration Research.1 (3) ()(pp 234-238) 2006.Date of Publication: June 2006.",,3,"234-238","Background: c-fos and c-jun the important immediate early genes (IEG) are regarded as the markers for the location and function of neuronal activity as well as the third signal messengers they couple the stress stimulation and the gene expression in neuron and hippocampus is involved in the process of signal transmission after stress stimulation induced depression. Objective: To observe the therapeutic effects of Bushen Yiqi (tonifying kidney to benefit qi) Huoxue Huayu (promoting blood circulation to dissipate blood stasis) and Ditan Kaiqiao (eliminating phlegm for resuscitation) on the expressions of c-Fos and c-Jun proteins in hippocampus and spontaneous behaviors of rats with post-stroke depression (PSD) and compare the results with those of fluoxetine which is known to have definite effect on depression. Design: A randomized controlled trial. Setting: Zhejiang College of Traditional Chinese Medicine. Material. The trial was completed in Zhejiang College of Traditional Chinese Medicine from January to July in 2003. Fifty-six healthy adult Wistar male rats of clean grade weighing (250+/-50) g were randomly divided into 7 groups with 8 rats in each group: control group model group forced swimming group Bushen Yiqi group; Huoxue Huayu Ddan Kaiqiao group and fluoxetine group. The Bushen Yiqi Tang contained Renshen Huangqi Heshouwu Gouqi Shudi etc. crude drugs 1 800 g1L. The Huoxue Huayu Tang contained Danshen Chuanxiong Chishao Yujin etc. crude drugs 3 600 g/L. The Ditan Kaiqiao Tang contained Banxia Danxing Changpu Yuanzhi etc. crude drug 1 000 g/L. Methods: 1 Except the control group and forced swimming group rats in the other groups were made into PSD models by deligating the bilateral common carotid arteries permanently. 2 Rats in the control group model group and forced swimming group were intragastrically perfused by saline (3 mL for each time); those in the Bushen Yiqi group Huoxue Huayu Ditan Kaiqiao group and fluoxetine group were intragastrically perfused with Bushen Yiqi Tang (18 g/kg) Huoxue Huayu Tang (9 g/kg) Ditan Kaiqiao Tang (9 g/kg) and fluoxetine (2.5 mg/kg) respectively once a day. 3 At 55 days after model establishment rats in the forced swimming group were managed according to the Porsolt's method. They were placed in water for 15 minutes and then taken out and dried no moving-time within 5 minutes was recorded at drying and 24 hours after drying. 4 Measurement of spontaneous behaviors: Except the forced swimming group the spontaneous behaviors and activities (including horizontal and vertical movements) of rats were observed with the Open-Field method at 28 42 and 56 days after administration in the other groups. 5 The expressions of c-Fos and c-Jun proteins in hippocampus were determined with the immunchistochemical method the relative sectional area ratio and average objective gray value of c-Fos and c-Jun positive cells in hippocampus were measured with the computerized image analytical system. Main outcome measures: The spontaneous behaviors of rats the relative sectional area ratio and average objective gray value of c-Fos and c-Jun positive cells in hippocampus were observed. Results: Of the 56 rats 1 died in the forced swimming group and finally 55 rats were involved in the analysis of results. 1 Results of spontaneous activities: At 28 days the times of crossing movements were obviously fewer in the model group and fluoxetine group [(69.00+/-37.01) (98.11+/-36.68) times/3 minutes] than in the control group [(128.44+/-16.85) times/3 minutes P < 0.01 0.05] but those in the Bushen Yiqi group Huoxue Quyu group and Ditan Kaiqiao group had no obvious differences as compared with those in the control group (P > 0.05). At 42 and 56 days the times of crossing movements were obviously more in the Bushen Yiqi group Huoxue Quyu group and Ditan Kaiqiao group [(106.44+/-31.24) (117.20+/-23.95) (134.80+/-28.18) (136.36+/-40.95) times/3 minutes; (117.33+/-35.91) (129.60+/-23.78) (131.90+/-26.81) (136.09+/-28.34) times/3 minutes] than in the model group [(64.00+/-17.51) (72.86+/-20.68) times/3 minutes P < 0.01]. The times of rearing movements had no obvious differences among the groups for the three times (P > 0.05). 2 The no moving-time within 5 minutes 24 hours after drying was obviously longer than that at drying in the forced swimming group. 3 The average objective gray values of c-Fos positive cells were not obviously different in the Bushen Yiqi group and Ditan Kaiqiao group from the control group (P > 0.05) but lower in the model group than in the control group (69.84+/-9.82 75.78+/-5.89 P < 0.01) and higher in the forced swimming group than in the control group (85.97+/-10.99 P < 0.01); all higher in the fluoxetine group Bushen Yiqi group Huoxue Quyu group and Ditan Kaiqiao group than in the model group (81.27+/-10.73 74.04+/-8.34 83.29+/-9.89 70.14+/-4.92 P < 0.05-0.01). The average objective gray values of c-Jun positive cells were obviously lower in the Bushen Yiqi group than in the control group (68.11+/-6.89 79.58+/-5.86 P < 0.01) but all higher in the other groups than in the control group (84.68+/-7.15 81.34 +/-8.36 97.51+/-10.55 85.68+/-9.25 86.19+/-10.98 P < 0.05-0.01); Those were obviously higher in the fluoxetine group Huoxue Quyu group and Ditan Kaiqiso group than in the model group (P < 0.05-0.01) lower in the Bushen Yiqi group than in the model group (P < 0.05) all obviously lower in the Bushen Yiqi group Huoxue Quyu group and Man Kaiqiao group than in the fluoxetine group (P < 0.01). The relative sectional area ratios of c-Fos and c-Jun positive cells hadno obvious differences among the groups (P > 0.05). Conclusion: The methods of Bushen Yiqi Huoxue Quyu and Man Kaiqiao can effectively treat PSD in rats and the results were equivalent with those of fluoxetine the actions of the above-mentioned drugs may correlated with their regulation to c-Fos and c-Jun expressions in hippocampus. PSD animal models can be successfully established by both permanent deligation of bilateral common carotid arteries and forced swimming and the models induced by the former has similar basic cerebrovascular lesions as human stroke in clinic",,"1673-5374"
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part1.csv:"id_0027425","article","ZhangL.XiaM.WuL.ZhangB.",2008,"Effects of Jiawei Wendan decoction on hippocampal p-CREB protein expression in a rat model of depression","Neural Regeneration Research.3 (9) ()(pp 962-966) 2008.Date of Publication: September 2008.",,9,"962-966","Background: Jiawei Wendan decoction can elevate hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) protein expression in rats with depression. It has been hypothesized that Jiawei Wendan decoction can exhibit antidepressant effects through the hippocampal signal transduction pathway of cyclic adenosine monophosphate response element binding protein (CREB)-BDNF. Objective: Using phosphorylated-CREB (p-CREB) as an entry point the present study was designed to observe intervention effects of Jiawei Wendan decoction compared with fluoxetine. Design time and setting: A randomized controlled cellular biology experiment was performed at the Central Laboratory of Guangxi University of Traditional Chinese Medicine. Materials: A total of 40 healthy male Sprague-Dawley rats were included in the present study. Rhizoma Acori Talarinowii (Shichangpu) Flos Albiziae (Hehuanhua) Rhizoma Pinelliae (Banxia) Caulis Bambusae in Taeniam (Zhuru) Fructus Aurantii Immaturus (Zhishi) Poria (Fuling) and Radix Bupleuri (Chaihu) the primary ingredients of Jiawei Wendan decoction were purchased from First Affiliated Hospital of Guangxi University of Traditional Chinese Medicine. The raw drug was decocted at a concentration of 1.5 g/mL. Fluoxetine capsules were purchased from Shanghai Zhongxi Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. China. Methods: Following behavioral testing 36 rats were selected from the initial 40 rats according to similar behavioral scores and were randomly divided into 4 groups: model (n = 8) Jiawei Wendan decoction-treated (n = 10) fluoxetine-treated (n = 10) and normal control (n = 8). All rats except for those in the normal control group were separately raised in a chronic and unpredictable mild-stimulation environment for 21 days to establish a depression model. The Jiawei Wendan decoction-treated and fluoxetine-treated groups were intragastrically administered Jiawei Wendan decoction (12 g/kg/d) and fluoxetine (1.8 mg/kg/d) respectively. The model and normal control groups received double-distilled water (2 mL/kg/d) once a day for a total of 21 days. Main outcome measures: Prior to depression induction and subsequent to administration memory and degree of depression were measured by open field and tail suspension tests respectively. At 24 hours after administration p-CREB expression in the hippocampal CA3 region was analyzed by the immunohistochemical SABC method. Results: Two rats from the Jiawei Wendan decoction-treated group and one from the fluoxetine-treated group died of unknown causes. The remaining rats in each group except for one rat that was randomly selected from the fluoxetine-treated group were included in the final analysis. Following administration the model group exhibited significantly decreased numbers of hippocampal p-CREB-positive cells horizontal and vertical movements and significantly prolonged duration of immobility in tail-suspension test compared with the normal control group (P < 0.01). The numbers of p-CREB-positive cells as well as horizontal and vertical movements were significantly greater and the duration of immobility was significantly shorter in the Jiawei Wendan decoction and fluoxetine groups compared with the model group (P < 0.05-0.01). There was no significant difference in the above-mentioned three indices between the Jiawei Wendan decoction and fluoxetine groups (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Jiawei Wendan decoction increased hippocampal p-CREB expression by influencing the rat hippocampal signal transduction pathway of CREB-BDNF. Jiawei Wendan decoction exhibited antidepressant effects equivalent to fluoxetine",,"1673-5374"
data/depression/records_pre_merged_part1.csv:"id_0029095","article","RocmansP.A.DumontJ.E.",1969,"Effects of thyrotropin in vivo on dog-thyroid pyridine nucleotides","Biochim.Biophys.Acta",192,2,"350-351",,,

```
