# https://github.com/EddyRivasLab/infernal

```console
documentation/userguide/ack.tex:Hewlett-Packard, Paracel, and nVidia have provided generous hardware
documentation/userguide/install.tex:will be able to take advantage of GP-GPUs and FPGAs in the future.
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:		/AGMCORE_gput {
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/currentcmykcolor [0 0 0 0] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/currentstrokeadjust false AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/currentcolorspace [/DeviceGray] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/sep_tint 0 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/indexed_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/currentcolor_intent () AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:		4 copy AGMCORE_cmykbuf astore /currentcmykcolor exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:								/sep_colorspace_dict currentdict AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:			/currentstrokeadjust exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:			/currentcolorspace exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:		dup /sep_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	dup /sep_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	dup /indexed_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:		dup /customcolor_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:%ENX>]!DG9cbGpuiMZ:)>[JNW"(I;lcZ^U;FMG!AQ%;pg(;aPE?kO-[U0puVm+[t<1U:o:!`f?qsr9!Tj(9;RV[Xbj?!GH#u9m?"8
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:%j-H0lFQCOh/u9h/aY>/`$ILiYUDuof38Febk`a-@T!FE+c1J/OBR40o#7$@!,T__Ygpu#i>KrW]KGLeNmIVE3)7VB6+f%pe^+$B+
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-bsu-alignment.eps:%2p,&%ISNo5BR7]`]taU/J,Ll5\A"HRWVu)+VjIBe=8_jR^OK;q/2A^g%fl1m^&-S8:Z)/-Z%)QWYONEYV%8!7Q!_JZmJ^UGpu:RG
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:		/AGMCORE_gput {
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/currentcmykcolor [0 0 0 0] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/currentstrokeadjust false AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/currentcolorspace [/DeviceGray] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/sep_tint 0 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/indexed_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/currentcolor_intent () AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:		4 copy AGMCORE_cmykbuf astore /currentcmykcolor exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:								/sep_colorspace_dict currentdict AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:			/currentstrokeadjust exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:			/currentcolorspace exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:		dup /sep_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	dup /sep_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	dup /indexed_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:		dup /customcolor_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:%#khccX5N*46[Om[HTQfgL+l]`]>8h^ql=?WV;dT^WfY:`31O);A478\n(gpUpN0jc`E?pM&$a$8l"Q'/G8=.G%j:98KW32&'[O6/
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:%hsL$aR<UnX:FGPus)?j</L6S%4"D@tp)SLjB0ZUCc<SJ21cB/eF1:6=1"_s*_q_tT4:-l?3p\YP+1L6DcQ9M2km(Ec8d68:##jT7
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:%M[n%6j2/[?a8+*Qd",?=6kU-3*$sQ0PrMh>&81QQWmNH,S&T?9oIVTGYhY3WgPuHRDaE,6^`%]l$mf#BLpU=m_NBBm*(qRIUfe-r
documentation/userguide/Figures/trna1-DF6280.eps:%#"ZBK_GTjs+jNA1oi?gPUh`G^6uPc5d_bsmF_h$nX@9W2<#YB\(DsAXM%ILTcc_4.>nOMYAdq)f\;"@'/&@)sJb@#0.ap>0D_e1l
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:		/AGMCORE_gput {
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/currentcmykcolor [0 0 0 0] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/currentstrokeadjust false AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/currentcolorspace [/DeviceGray] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/sep_tint 0 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/indexed_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/currentcolor_intent () AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:		4 copy AGMCORE_cmykbuf astore /currentcmykcolor exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:								/sep_colorspace_dict currentdict AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:			/currentstrokeadjust exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:			/currentcolorspace exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:		dup /sep_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	dup /sep_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	dup /indexed_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:		dup /customcolor_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:%WnQOXM)(I<^HD;KEjVT[??@hBb"Vp,q/,i8cerjLfhE]AP<,#db0]Jt8PL.BSX)M\JpMqNqjG)r_hsel>@=q3.3GG;IMp99FVGpU
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:%<!jX+YXlO3He1gNA[_S@Pe@Cr:lg%=P(\`?9r*R)SGq`ZCB*/@U7696$GpU'qmW-gEq7Z0/[_*\$A7udfXAP4drZg=$3*+45t5@S
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:%!oKG4qoT_]MK``Y8gpu8bZ4%9>/UFrSq/hs3>L+g=OZhte2e<SNKbc;^@Iee8sVm/63$<oB#kTtlCJrIe79d)?9g#d8Re.BN^6m`
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:%-hB;lLAlm6I=ZDY3`(DKNGL/fW*'c2@VnhLgPuuc8bn"j5`5o%cm:5W;[<"L"RErre)r91dMn]4Co]f8dB4k),,]LJ^s.TLMO,AH
documentation/userguide/Figures/rnaseP-ecoli.eps:%BdG*>s$3j;Pee8-bs9hPbWMbqN&!p4M)/)s":Gu!Q=UTq(e(bgYX^;+oeaLl<snIQg^eERTEgPu]Y]oiEtiq.DWK^K3lY>k9f_:c
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:		/AGMCORE_gput {
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/currentcmykcolor [0 0 0 0] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/currentstrokeadjust false AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/currentcolorspace [/DeviceGray] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/sep_tint 0 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/indexed_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/currentcolor_intent () AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:		4 copy AGMCORE_cmykbuf astore /currentcmykcolor exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:								/sep_colorspace_dict currentdict AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:			/currentstrokeadjust exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:			/currentcolorspace exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:		dup /sep_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	dup /sep_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	dup /indexed_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:		dup /customcolor_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:%Jl]\6RHk#t-b-_tL[[Q2J2<&:6g#"+d<3f;GT&u26gPU'(5bK3!W3UeO=bs^MukqgM1]A4]=I(4BI,A-"d=L\!&sBe6cHJF-CF".
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:%P<,#db0]Jt8PL.BSX)M\JpMqNqjG)r_hsel>@=q3.3GG;IMp99FVGpUKYV$UF(=F29[E;dXCZrgD(Z[sjXoP*\(%"iZa7Bu9hik`
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:%B-eD]YWn!O)<`AfW)K(VJ)UGZ)?Jh6$qVq:+`PB9G4(d:%G^]L#n.Z#Q,/MWL9C)@0gPUs]!FZALeLRWAW/2&n(\rtD9X=("oXGk
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_nodetree.eps:%adbNfm#co(O<7Pbg"C@l7QoD'pPM<,>d=#<MRouj[[jJFSl(?H\:pG'H-Xr&CPn]YeH9^F'bgPu.=9@j4m*0EF-VfQF0WCQ:nH3"
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:		/AGMCORE_gput {
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/currentcmykcolor [0 0 0 0] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/currentstrokeadjust false AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/currentcolorspace [/DeviceGray] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/sep_tint 0 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/indexed_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/currentcolor_intent () AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:		4 copy AGMCORE_cmykbuf astore /currentcmykcolor exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:								/sep_colorspace_dict currentdict AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:			/currentstrokeadjust exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:			/currentcolorspace exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:		dup /sep_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	dup /sep_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	dup /indexed_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:		dup /customcolor_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:%8HK;TBHW9sE?5+^`,1GsA2V/R@m4/[P[jhcTPpj]JZ*:I"=]2W+7'XcE:)j7BdbGPUR6jiMl4,cnH(gdUqag5-FdI4P,&t)5^5OK
documentation/userguide/Figures/input_alignment.eps:%S@=&,d,KOj0fVRI%pj8r7+EN1QCEat<:QYsms&b`V]t@*ijBZiVf/"ri*GPU=Co"90**Kri4ABgm\JoR*F"bd".,<`S)(s6B<s31
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:		/AGMCORE_gput {
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/currentcmykcolor [0 0 0 0] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/currentstrokeadjust false AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/currentcolorspace [/DeviceGray] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/sep_tint 0 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/indexed_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/currentcolor_intent () AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:		4 copy AGMCORE_cmykbuf astore /currentcmykcolor exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:								/sep_colorspace_dict currentdict AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:			/currentstrokeadjust exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:			/currentcolorspace exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:		dup /sep_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	dup /sep_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	dup /indexed_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:		dup /customcolor_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/parsetrees.eps:%AQ316h;$C7,YnHXSLkX8Y;ULgjjKD;9A+FGlkRd0gPM8#mIHLMg7mLn)q08gpUD4#Elgr@)1]-L)4!7fe4kC'r%!3<aSHF:^A=Bo
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:		/AGMCORE_gput {
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/currentcmykcolor [0 0 0 0] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/currentstrokeadjust false AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/currentcolorspace [/DeviceGray] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/sep_tint 0 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/indexed_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/currentcolor_intent () AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:		4 copy AGMCORE_cmykbuf astore /currentcmykcolor exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:								/sep_colorspace_dict currentdict AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:			/currentstrokeadjust exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:			/currentcolorspace exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:		dup /sep_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	dup /sep_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	dup /indexed_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:		dup /customcolor_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:%*m<B0m;)WGFmnWWCb'g=b;Q*l=?_*+mC#[QWuVhV5&'o$p:0tCqt@S`h/ReL40!uUYBG[a]U;gPU8JdFR#u4rR554im^>UnI.f7m
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:%3-:ffZ3<RRKn7PQ$cUBq_6TC_Wg&c,iQ<gn)p:oS%#"t^d+a0ClW"!5Uc>Too@.,kL-r8pQI"'O?jGPu0nSqHc(3#SiTe4'5nqps
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:%s3/_'*762J&r)ZP-hnqFOgcVs'FGPU#)]%Ca23C0f]lt1%[\k6d&LK,a#V^]F\3cKEFPP!i4phEFWNYg29i^j!l8WEW9bD&q1R8L
documentation/userguide/Figures/rna_elements.eps:%m!h4E5L4fBnjCT/j-')\p<*,>B3'k6B[_@h@N,7+QbSgpU!;nslg@Tun@[JHq-5!P/J$I>;gmu[`I*0%hR9i()iqJ.4ZoJk'bWXh
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:		/AGMCORE_gput {
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/currentcmykcolor [0 0 0 0] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/currentstrokeadjust false AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/currentcolorspace [/DeviceGray] AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/sep_tint 0 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/indexed_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/currentcolor_intent () AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:		4 copy AGMCORE_cmykbuf astore /currentcmykcolor exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:								/sep_colorspace_dict currentdict AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:			/currentstrokeadjust exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:			/currentcolorspace exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/sep_colorspace_dict null AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:		dup /sep_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	dup /sep_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	dup /indexed_colorspace_dict exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:	/customcolor_tint 1 AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:		dup /customcolor_tint exch AGMCORE_gput
documentation/userguide/Figures/cm_graph.eps:%Z0C*FcJ/"t\Fb2SP)g%p/LRm=qQ]q'a-,)?UqqYYQDDC5;GsQu?qQuD(L@G@nlS[Nbgpu!-j^Wf8'K_(cm?TrPRDQocQs*70sfp'
src/cmcalibrate.c:    if (sigprocmask(SIG_BLOCK, &blocksigs, NULL) != 0)   cm_Fail("system error during rewrite of CM file.");
src/cmcalibrate.c:    if (sigprocmask(SIG_UNBLOCK, &blocksigs, NULL) != 0) cm_Fail("system error during rewrite of CM file.");

```
