# https://github.com/GenomiqueENS/toulligQC

```console
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "device": "cuda:0",
test_data/sequencing_summary/sequencing_telemetry.js:            "gpu_runners_per_device": "2",

```
